I studied AI course from my university and also from coursera called AI & its planning. The course was taken by professors of university of
edinborough.

My Project description :

Research work is to prove that a robot can complete the task autonomously by finding the plan to the planning problem,
when required knowledge is provided. 

The Intelligent agent is designed using STRIPS planner and forward search space algorithm.

Technologies: Robot Operating System (ROS), Robot in Concert (ROCON), PYQT, AVAHI, ZeroConf, PSQL

What is Planning?

Explicit deliberation process that chooses and organizes actions by anticipating their outcomes. Planning is designed by aiming at 
acheiving pre-stated objectives. I mean goal oriented AI algorithms are planning problem.

Why Planning algorithm used for goal oriented AI?

Artificial Intelligence (AI) planning technique has the potential to think about the plans and reasons 
about the actions that takes place during execution of a problem.

Ok. What my project is about ?
This project is to build an intelligent agent which is a domain-independent planner that chooses and 
organizes actions by anticipating their outcomes.

Anticpiating their outcomes means goal oriented search.
Domain independent planner means - It can be adapted to any domain. Ex: Picking objects, Dock worker robot that moves, pick, locad
and unload the containers.

What is needed to find the plan to a planning problem?
To find a plan to a planning problem, as set of initial states, actions and goal states are to be  encoded in a specific format.

What is the format to specify the states and actions?
STRIPS(Stanford Research Institute Problem Solver) representation provides a standardized ways of looking into the internal states 
and the actions based on First Order Logic(FOL). The states of the problem and domain are  represented using a particular standard 
called PDDL (Planning Domain Definition Syntax), in a way to decode it easily by an intelligent agent.

Explain more on States and Actions:
Predicates are the operators involved in this.
Actions are move, pick, load, unload etc. It contains preconditions and effects.

The algorithm is to find all the applicable actions to go from one state to another state. The state transition is from old state
to new state
when the old state matches the preconditions. 
If it is mathced the effects of state transition will become the new preconditions.

Until the goal is reached,
The applicable actions are found.
Once the goal is reached, then a list of actions added in the plan isreturned as the solution to the planning problem.

What was the project I did in Rethink Robtics?
The project is to make the Baxter robot to do the task on its own. 

I saw a video where the Baxter works in a Burger shop and it makes burger every time. The Baxter was trained manually to do the burger.
If the customer asks a different burger with changes in the ingredients, then the robot should be trained adain from first.

I wondered, why don't we feed the knowledge to the robot and the robot finds on its own to make the burger as per customer needs ?

So I decided to use the ideas that I learnt from AI & P course. I started from the basic one called forward search space algorithm, which
is very similar to breadth first search where it goes state transition from one level to another level. Moreover, to make multiple
robots to work together, I used the ROS library called ROCON - ROS in Concert. Due to less time, I decided not to fuse the intelligent
agent with the robot and I kept it running in my system. And I used the ROCON library to propogate/broadcast to the robots that are paired
with my system. 

What is ROCON ?
ROCON is a package built on ROS which opens up the hub and the gateway in the localhost and remote to advertise and
pull the solution found by the intelligent agent. Advertise is a publisher node which publishes the
planning solution in a robot understandable format and pull is a subscriber node in robot which pulls the published messages 
using ROCON to act on it.

What is the initial state in my research project?
Three boxes X, Y, Z
Three locations A,B,C
Robot's
Robot's left hand and right hand to move, pick and drop the boxes.

What knowledge is fed to the robot?
To move to the location A, B, C
To pick the boxes X,Y,X
To go deeper into the location if needed to pick the box.

What are misc works I did?
I created a neat user interface to interact with the intelligent agent. The interface will displays all the robots that are found,
using AVAHI and Zeroconf logic. The user can select whatever the robots from the list that should do the task.

Now in the other part of the interface, user can select which boxes to be placed in which location in any order. This is the goal state.
Now the intelligent agent will find the solution for this using forward search space algorithm and it will display all the steps
in chronological order in the interface. 

Once the plan is found, the solutions will be progogated from the master machine which is a publisher node and the robots that are 
paired will pull the solution using their subsriber node. Once the steps are found, the respective actions will be executed.

By this, I have achieved

Artificial Intelligence Planning – Decision Making Algorithms is implemented succesfully.
Robotic Task and Simulation - Performs robots task autonomously by the robot with training it everytime.
Human-Machine Interface development - An user interface by which customers can send the request to communicate with the intelligent 
                                      agent/robot.

