What is track maven?
TrackMaven provides competitive intelligence for digital marketers.

Track maven does the action of defining, gathering, analyzing, and distributing intelligence about products, 
customers, competitors, and any aspect of the environment needed to support executives and managers making strategic 
decisions for an organization.

If I have to make a comparison between two products I would go for short analysis and will make power point and the PPT would expire even
before I presented to the board of memebers. Abnd TRack maven tracks this problem and provides a solution. 

It make cool interfaces with customized alerts to display whats going on in the other end of the a company from which one can 
make strategic decision to improve their product much. And moreover, the social media is increasing all the days and gathering 
all the information all channels is cubbersome work and to alleviate this an autonomously running damen like track maven could help
to get all the information in a single roof.

What's is plus point :
TrackMaven automatically aggregates competitive intelligence data from paid, earned and owned media channels into one interface.

What's unique about this track maven? [Do you have any questions]
While most competitive intelligence marketing tools either focus on first-party analytics or social listening (i.e. what consumers are saying about a brand, not what brands are actually doing themselves), the founder says, TrackMaven enables marketers to see what their audiences are interested in and then benchmark against their peers in each of those categories.

how do u track what the audiences are interested in ? what kind of measurements are involved in this ?

how do you track the emails of the competitors, I was like wondering how made this possible >
Proof : you have mentioned in the linkedin and tech-crunch that you provide a digital data which is  understandable and actionable by tracking your competitors' Paid Advertising, SEO, News + Press Mentions, Email, Content Marketing, Social Media and Web Traffic, all in one analytics platform.

How do you parse the content and understands the negativity or positivity of the content. I mean befoer you are presenting the 
analysis to the competitors you would be classifying the information as good feedback about the company 
or bad feedback about the company etc. How do u classify it ? How do build a parse tree here ? Do u use any NLP
tools for this ?

Position I'm interviewd for : Software Engineer
 How I'm qualified for this?
 
 High proficiency in python. Contributed to opensource projects. they are reviewboard and trac email system.
 Learnt Flask and Django
 Enthusiastic in Javascript. Especially in Electron, d3/three, react.js
 Cloud computing - worked on scalability
 Worked on data streaming projects like twitter summarization
 Robotics/NLP/ML/CV/AI

How can I build an intelligent agent?
An agent is a thing (e.g. program, or system) that can be viewed as perceiving
its environment and acting upon that environment through effectors.
I can build an ideal intelligent agent that maximized its performance measure based on its
perceptions and built-in knowledge.
We want to build intelligent agents capable of reacting to the environment on
their own. 
Example: an intelligent agen that can adjust the time zones.
I can create a goal based learning agent that can take steps gardually and learns from its mistakes and
reaches the goal soon.

 I have built two intelligent agent : AI planning. Automatically sending email based on the response ticketing system
 environment.

Django 

